--- page 1 ---
In this presentation, we will explain not only the structure of the joint venture
between Kioxia and Sandisk, but also Kioxia's leadership in research &
development and manufacturing capabilities that drive the joint venture, as well
as our factory vision for the future.
1

--- page 2 ---
Here is a summary of Fab2 at the Kitakami Plant. Fab2, called K2, will first focus
on mass production for the eighth generation of BiCS FLASHTM, and we plan to
incorporate advanced equipment to produce the next generation of high-
capacity products. Similar to the Yokkaichi Plant, K2 is connected with inter-
building wafer transportation with K1, enabling high-efficiency production
utilizing AI. Additionally, a portion of the capital investment is supported by
subsidies from the Japanese government.
2

--- page 3 ---
Similarly to our previous manufacturing facilities, Kioxia is making investments
into K2 in collaboration with Sandisk. This chart serves as a summary of the
structure of the joint venture that we have explained previously.
Our collaboration with Sandisk consists of two components: joint development
and capital investment for the joint venture. The JV leases production
equipment and contracts manufacturing to our Yokkaichi and Kitakami plants,
and Kioxia sells wafers with allocated costs.
Kioxia as a standalone holds 20% of the total production capacity of the
Yokkaichi and Kitakami plants, while the remaining 80% is shared equally
between Kioxia and Sandisk. As a result, we have 60% of capacity and Sandisk
has 40%.
We have explained before that Kioxia controls 100% of wafer manufacturing at
the Yokkaichi and Kitakami plants, so now for the next part of the presentation
will dive deeper into Kioxia’s own research and development capabilities and
manufacturing power that are essential to the joint venture.
3

--- page 4 ---
First, as shown in the top half of this page, our collaboration with Sandisk is a
vehicle to consolidate the investments of both companies to achieve economies
of scale, as well as a means to share development costs through joint
development.
However, as indicated in the bottom half, Kioxia conducts advanced
semiconductor research independently. For cutting-edge research, we lead the
way in developing fundamental technologies related to materials and their use,
process technologies, and device design technologies, and we incorporate these
results into joint development. This approach allows us to achieve high
investment efficiency and leads to mass production of competitive products.
Regarding manufacturing, as mentioned earlier, Kioxia controls 100% of wafer
manufacturing at the Yokkaichi and Kitakami plants. We independently control
all elements necessary for the operation and production management of both
manufacturing sites. For instance, we manage the procurement of tens of
thousands of components, materials, and equipment, optimize and streamline
automation systems, and work on shortening wafer processing times and
production lead times. We also utilize big data and AI for detailed production
management and yield management, along with various environmental
measures to enhance sustainability.
Kioxia’s advanced research and manufacturing capabilities are essential for the
development of competitive BiCS FLASHTM technology, and we are determined
to continue strengthening these areas in the future.
4

--- page 5 ---
According to a report by the research firm TechInsights, for cost per GB for the
fiscal year 2024, Kioxia achieved a cost approximately 20% lower than the
industry average.
Kioxia's advanced research capabilities and manufacturing strength contribute
to the medium to long-term cost competitiveness of its products. The main
factors enabling us to achieve this high cost competitiveness are high
investment efficiency based on advanced research and technologies, as well as
sound judgment in assessing market conditions. Our production efficiency and
yield management leverage the experience, know-how, and innovations Kioxia
has developed over time, combined with the economies of scale derived from
our collaborations.
Following pages will discuss the elements shown on the right that contribute to
our high cost competitiveness, and outline Kioxia’s advantages i n each area.
5

--- page 6 ---
First, this page discusses Kioxia’s cutting-edge research.
The three-dimensional flash memory technology, “BiCS FLASHTM” was
developed by Kioxia and presented for the first time at a conference in 2007.
Since then, Kioxia has continued to independently pioneer technology for both
higher layer stacking and planar scaling, which we proposed for joint
development, thus enhancing the competitiveness of BiCS FLASHTM products.
For BiCS FLASHTM, as the number of layers increases, wafer costs rise.
However, by incorporating various technologies to improve bit density, Kioxia
has been able to reduce costs per GB. For example, in the eighth generation of
BiCS FLASHTM, we have achieved a reduction in GB costs that counteracts the
cost increases associated with more layers by employing techniques like CBL,
which reduces chip area on the planar level.
Furthermore, we have made the strategic decision to mass-produce CBA
technology that Kioxia has built up through years of research, strengthening our
competitive advantage in an era where high capacity, performance, and low
power consumption are increasingly demanded, especially in the age of AI.
Additionally, this CBA technology aligns with Kioxia’s "dual-axis strategy" that
we have discussed in the past, and we believe it will contribute to the expansion
of the AI market in the future.
6

--- page 7 ---
Now, the next chart covers investment efficiency. Here is a graph Kioxia
presented during the Corporate Strategy Meeting in June, which shows
investment efficiency in the form of cumulative capital investment over the past
five years relative to the annual increase in GB output. As indicated in the
TechInsights report, Kioxia maintains the highest investment efficiency in the
industry.
Kioxia’s high investment efficiency is attributed to maximizing manufacturing
equipment utilization through integrated production that leverages inter-building
wafer transportation, the repurposing of existing equipment, and strategically
planning device and process development with a focus on future equipment
strategies. Kioxia’s strategic procurement activities also contribute to this high
level of investment efficiency.
7

--- page 8 ---
This page discusses the results of our recent manufacturing activities.
First, the graph on the left shows that our process handling capacity per wafer
has improved by approximately 20% over the two years from fiscal year 2022 to
fiscal year 2024. This improvement is a result of reduced processing times,
streamlined production lot transportation, and optimized inspection processes.
Even as manufacturing processes become increasingly advanced and complex,
Kioxia has achieved high production efficiency, contributing to the shortening of
manufacturing lead times for the eighth generation of BiCS FLASHTM.
The graph on the right illustrates yield improvements. Since the start of
production for the eighth generation of BiCS FLASHTM, Kioxia has shortened the
time taken to reach a given yield level by about 25% compared to previous
generations. Kioxia has also improved opportunity loss against past generation
yield curves by more than 10%. This achievement is due in part to device
designs considered for manufacturing, as well as extensive utilization of results
data, causal data, change point data, and equipment setting data derived from
manufacturing-specific big data. With the help of AI analysis on the production
line, skilled workers who understand the source of the data are able to
accumulate know-how through observations and improve the on-site processes,
resulting in the successful implementation of yield monitoring and production
improvements.
8

--- page 9 ---
Lastly, we would like to share Kioxia's vision for its plants.
At the Kitakami Plant, Kioxia aims to create an advanced smart factory by
leveraging the know-how accumulated at the Yokkaichi Plant and incorporating
and utilizing digital transformation. The Yokkaichi Plant has historically
promoted automation while eliminating dependence on individual operators. As
a result, Kioxia has worked to speed up decision-making to minimize losses
while scaling up operations.
Kioxia extracts and digitizes necessary data and optimize the frequency of data
acquisition through machine learning and AI, and we are in the process of using
AI and efficiency improvement simulations to further refine our approaches.
Going forward, Kioxia will also focus on enhancing the technical expertise of its
workforce to address more advanced tasks, promoting predictive and automated
control, and achieving improvements in manufacturing efficiency and a stable
production system. The Kitakami Plant is undergoing a transition with the
introduction of the latest equipment, and Kioxia aims to integrate these
manufacturing capabilities to create a world-leading, streamlined, and state-of-
the-art factory operation.
9

--- page 10 ---
10
